{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Consolas;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset2 Wingdings;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green176\blue240;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\b\f0\fs24 Welcome to DiaBase Version 8\par
\par
Here we answer your likely Questions.\par
\b0\par
\b What is this program for?\par
\cf2 DiaBase\b0  is an application designed for Etal Users to locate their items fast.\par
\par
\cf1\b Who created this program?\par
\cf2\b0 AussieHack began the concept in late 2011 as an attempt to keep track of endless items and confusing random generated automule names, accounts and passes. He created several betas which were functional and met his needs nicely so decided to share his work with others.\par
\par
Ned joined the project at the implementation of Version 6 and initially contributed by assisting with essential etal script modifications and some additional coding to make the application easier to implement and gain more item details. \par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 JamieHutber joined as Lead Tester at the implementation of Version 7 and assists with trials, debugging and concept development liaison.\cf0\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf2\f0\par
\par
AussieHack and Ned have decided to redevelop the application almost from scratch and have rewritten the majority of the code. This time round they have attempted to bring a unique looking application with a Distinct Diablo 2 theme.\par
\par
\cf1\b How do I set up the program?\par
\cf2 DiaBase\b0  will set itself up and requires only a few user input settings, \b DiaBase\b0  will create folders needed at first run and creates a Default database file.\par
You will find two files in the root folder of this program\par
\par
\tab NTPickUp.ntj - used for automulingsystem\par
\tab NTMuleLogging.ntj - used for ntmulelogs\par
\tab\par
These need to be place into the right folders\par
\par
\tab D2NT\\scripts\\NTAms\\NTPickUp.ntj\par
\tab D2NT\\scripts\\NTBot\\bots\\NTMuleLogging.ntj\par
\par
\cf1\b How Do I Add Items To The Database?\par
\cf2\b0 The mainstream and intended way to fill your database is via the auto import method however can manually add items. In other words you dont have to use the automule system to make use this application. To manually add or edit items select the option from the Items dropdown in the menu bar. \par
If adding an item an new form will open, simply enter the fields you want and ignore the rest. The only required field is the item name, you cannot add an item unless it has a valid name. Check the add another item checkbox to keep the form open after saving item.\par
If editing an existing item a similar form will appear containing the items field entrys. Simply edit and save.\b\par
\b0\par
\par
\cf1\b How do I find items im looking for?\par
\cf2\b0 The easiest way to quickly reference an item is to use the search engine in the top left corner of the main form.\par
Say we wanted to reference all Unique Quality items in the database. Firstly we would select 'Item Quality' in the 'Search This Field' box. Next set the 'Operator' box to 'Equal To' and finally select 'Unique' in the 'Word Or Phrase' Box then press the 'Search Now' Button.\par
If any items in the database match the search criteria then its name will be added to the search list (select the Serch List tab to display). Also If match do exist the app will open the search list automatically after the search routine.\par
\par
\cf1\b Can I add extra criteria to a search?\b0\par
\cf2 You can use the 'Refine Search' function to apply new searches to prior matched items only. This will allow you to indefinetly stack search criteria and would be useful if we wanted to say next search for all items that had a defense bonus within the unique group we searched earlier. To do this just check the 'Refine Search' checkbox after completing the first unique quality search. Note that the 'Refine Search' option will only work if matches already exist within the Search List. Next we will select 'Unique Attributes' in the 'Search This Field' box, next keep the operator set to 'Equal To', and finally type 'defense' into the 'Word Or Phrase' box. Press the 'Search Now' button to apply the new criteria.\par
There is no limit to how many individual serches you can apply to any given search list.\par
\par
\cf1\b Exactly how exact is an 'Exact Match'?\par
\cf2\b0 When the 'Exact Match' checkbox is checked the search engine will test for word structure as well as character casing. Basically what you enter into the 'Word Or Phrase' or 'Value' box must be totally identical to what you want to find. So if you want to find "+20 Defense" in the unique attibutes field you must enter exactly that.\par
If the 'Exact Match' checkbox is unchecked then the search is more open to matches. Character casing is no longer considered and what you enter into the 'Word or Phrase' box only has to exist somewhere within the field entry you are searching. So in the above example '+20 Def' or even just 'Def' would pass as a match also.\par
\par
\cf1\b How do I use the Greater or Less Than operators?\par
\cf2\b0 These operators only apply to searches on value searches or number (integer) fields such as Required Level, Chance To Block and weapon damage. They cannot be applied to string or word fileds such as Attack Speed, Item Name or Item Base.\par
You can however apply a string and value search together when searching the Unique Attributes Block, identified by  any statistics on an item that is coloured blue in the Statistic Window. This allows you to search for values such as all items with a defense Stat higher than 20, or lower than 20, or equal to, and so on. This really increases your ability to refine items in or out of the search list. \par
Say we wanted to do a value search for all items that a level 20 character could use, then we would use the less than operator and search for a value of 20 within the 'Required Level' field. All items that match will be below level 20.\par
Now we will group all items that have an Endhanced Defense value greater that 10 in their Unique Attributes Block. Fist we Select 'Unique Attributes' in the Search This Field box, next we select the 'Greater Than' operator. Then in the Search For box enter 'enhanced defense', exact match unchecked. Finally enter '10' in the value box and hit the search button.\par
\par
\cf1\b Can I apply more that one operator to a search?\b0\par
\cf2 If you need to include more than one opreator in your search argument, say 'Greater Than 10 and Less Than 20 but Not Equal To 15' you can use the 'Refine Search' method explained above. Note however that for this to be successful each search operator MUST be applied in logical order. Usually the easiest way to figure the logic order out is to put the operators into a sentence as above and apply them in this order.\par
\b\par
\cf1 Will there be regular updates?\par
\cf2\b0 In the near future yes but as time goes on, this may change depending on our and user interest.\par
\par
\cf1\b How often should I backup?\par
\cf2\b0 Regularly, if ever an error is created in the database file you will be rewarded by having regular backups. There is an easy to use automated backup system intergrated into the application. Be sure to take full advantage of it. Remember this is currently a beta release and errors may still exist.\par
\par
\cf1\b Does DiaBase keep track of my items?\par
\cf2\b0 Yes but only to the point of the first import of etal logs, after that there is no monitoring, the key here is if you move an item or trade the item you must either remove it from the database or tell it which char now has the item. Thats the main point of this program, to assist the user keep track and maintain the database.\par
\par
\cf1\b My Char Just stored items in a new mule, why cant I import them or see them in my database?\par
\cf2\b0 The scripts are designed that when muling logs are stored in the folder, D2NT\\scripts\\AMS\\MuleLogs, until they are full then the log is placed into the folder,\cf0\f2\fs21  \cf2\f0\fs24 D2NT\\scripts\\AMS\\MuleInventory.\par
Imports only occur when logs are written to the MuleInventory folder, otherwise duplication of items will occur and render the database unreliable.\par
If you want to check what items have been muled but not yet imported you can open the files in the D2NT\\scripts\\AMS\\MuleLogs folder using notepad or preferably Notepad++.\par
\par
\cf1\b Why use Notepad++?\par
\cf2\b0 It is a far superior application than windows notepad, some etal scripts are not formatted correctly making them difficult to read.\par
\par
\cf1\b Does the program contain bugs?\par
\cf2 DiaBase\b0  is beta still and although has advanced a lot there is some things that still need to be added/corrected during further developement. \par
Having said that we have worked hard developing and re-developing the app to refine functionality while making the code as rubust and error free as possible.\par
\par
\cf1\b Can I help with developement and coding or testing?\par
\cf2\b0 We would be grateful for all inputs to making this program better and that means getting feedback from users either positive or negative.\par
Bug reports will be vital to progressing and eliminating problems so that you can keep track of those mountains of mules your gathering.\par
\par
\cf1\b What\rquote s the benefits of this program?\par
\cf2\b0 Many, but the main benefits are "Where is that item? what Mule was it on? What account is the mule in?, Do i even have one of those? \b DiaBase\b0  provides quick answers to these questions. It also offers a single platform that allows you manage and reference all your items across all your accounts at the same moment in time.\par
\par
\cf1\b What happens to the original log files?\par
\cf2\b0 They are moved to the Archive folder where \b DiaBase \b0 application is found. And can be moved back to the D2NT\\scripts\\AMS\\MuleInventory folder if a database file becomes corrupted and a new import can be done to rebuild the database if needed. Reminder \endash  backup regularly \cf3\f3 J\cf2\f0\par
\par
\cf1\b Where can I leave feedback?\par
\cf2\b0 At the moment at projectetal.com is the best place to reach us.\par
\par
\b Cheers and Happy Botting from\par
AussieHack & Ned\par
\par
Dislaimer: \b0 This program is freeware and can be freely distributed. This application, at time of release, is free of viruses and malware to the best of our knowledge. This application does not connect to the internet.\b\par
}
 